DOCSP-24532 Insert many usage example (#22)
mongodb/docs-csharp: source/usage-examples/insertMany.txt

   :copyable:
   :dedent:

Insert Documents
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. tabs::

   .. tab:: Asynchronous
      :tabid: insert-many-async
      
      The following example asynchronously inserts documents into 
      the ``restaurants`` collection.

      .. literalinclude:: ../includes/code-examples/insert-many/InsertManyAsync.cs
         :start-after: start-insert-many
         :end-before: end-insert-many
         :language:  csharp
         :copyable:
         :dedent:

      For a fully runnable example of the ``InsertManyAsync()`` operation, see the
      `InsertManyAsync code sample <{+example+}/InsertMany.cs>__.

   .. tab:: Synchronous
      :tabid: insert-many-sync

      The following example synchronously inserts documents into the ``restaurants``
      collection.

      .. literalinclude:: ../includes/code-examples/insert-many/InsertMany.cs
         :start-after: start-insert-many
         :end-before: end-insert-many
         :language:  csharp
         :copyable:
         :dedent:

      For a fully runnable example of the ``InsertMany()`` operation, see the
      `InsertMany code sample <{+example+}/InsertManyAsync.cs>`__.

Expected Result
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> After running the :ref:`full example <insert-runnable-example>`, the ``InsertMany()``
> method inserts the documents, and the :ref:`Find() <csharp-find-one>` method returns
> the number of inserted documents. The output is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After running either of the preceding full examples, the output is as follows:
```
